Chapter 1000: The Fall of Falcon Scott (18)




		 'What the hell am I doing...'

Indeed. The wall of the city was breached, a menacing Nightmare Gate was towering above him, and not too far away, a furious conflict was raging in the rabble of the staging area. And yet, Sunny was staring at the runes that shimmered brightly in the air in front of him.

His vision was a little blurry, but the runes were clear and perfectly legible, as if existing outside of reality. Which they probably did.

'Oh, well...'

Sunny needed a couple of minutes to recover, anyway.

He looked at the field of runes, searching for the names of his Shadows. A new string of them replaced the old one:[Onyx Saint]

'Onyx, huh...'That had a nice ring to it.

Marble Saint had turned into Onyx Saint. Was his Marble Shell going to evolve into the Onyx Shell, as well, once he Transcended?

Sunny would have loved to pursue that train of thought, but unfortunately, he couldn't. His thoughts were slow and erratic, refusing to consider anything too complicated.

Giving up, he concentrated on the runes of Saint's name and started to read the descriptions.

Shadow: Onyx Saint.Shadow Rank: Ascended.Shadow Class: Devil.Shadow Attributes: [Battle Master], [Stalwart], [Ember of Divinity], [Heart of Darkness].

'Heart of Darkness... that's new.'

Sunny glanced at the mass of attacking arachnid warriors, catching a glimpse of Saint decapitating an especially menacing abomination with a swift slash of her black sword, then sending its body flying into the mob with a strike of her shield. Even before the rim of the shield connected with the creature's chest, the blade of the stone sword was already moving to deflect an incoming blow.

'...She's not dead yet.'

He looked back to the runes.

Attribute Description: [A vestige of an ancient darkness dwells in this Shadow's heart, granting her tenebrous powers.]

So, Saint had not just destroyed the sphere of black stone in the tunnel... she had taken something from it. Sunny had expected as much.

The [Spark of Divinity] was also gone, replaced by the [Ember of Divinity]. The light of divinity and true darkness now coexisted within Saint, somehow... there was something interesting about that fact, but Sunny, in his pitiful state, could not quite point to what.

The sounds of the conflict grew louder, and a little closer, forcing him to look past the runes nervously and then hurry up. The Gate Guardian could arrive at any moment...

Sunny lowered his gaze.

Shadow Abilities: [Weapon Sage], [Underworld Armament], [Mantle of Darkness], [Blade of Darkness].

'Two new ones.'

The name of the first Ability was a bit familiar. He concentrated on it and read:

Ability: [Mantle of Darkness].Ability Description: [Darkness embraces this Shadow. When surrounded by darkness, and true darkness more so, her swiftness and might will increase. Her wounds will be healed, and her heart will grow fuller.]

Sunny blinked a couple of times.

'Well... that explains how she is so powerful right now.'

If there was one thing that Antarctica did not lack, it was darkness. Although the staging area was usually well lit, most tech nearby had been destroyed by the pulse of the opening Gate. Saint was wreathed in shadows.

The physical augmentation of the [Mantle of Darkness] seemed to be a formidable one, and combined with the embrace of his four shadows, it produced a truly terrific result.

What made him especially happy was that Saint would also be able to heal herself from now on, at least when surrounded by darkness. That alone was an incredible boon.

The last part of the description spoke of her heart, but the rune could also mean soul. Sunny suspected that it alluded to both the true darkness dwelling in Saint's heart, and her essence... or whatever it was that the Shadow used instead of essence. The point was that its replenishment rate would be increased.

These abilities... were very similar to what the Black Knight had possessed, with one serious caveat.

Unlike the Fallen Devil of the ruined cathedral, his own Ascended Devil seemed to possess dual affinity - both to the shadows and to the elemental darkness. Those were supposed to be mutually exclusive, but were not, in her case. It seemed that Saint's nature as a Shadow led to a curious result...

His graceful knight paradoxically enjoyed the favor of both mundane and true darkness. Recalling how harrowing his journey through the underground tunnel had been, Sunny could not help but feel envious.

'Interesting...'

Finally, he turned his gaze to the second of the two new Abilities...

[Blade of Darkness].

Ability Description: [The true darkness dwelling in this Shadow's heart can be summoned in the form of a fearsome weapon, as long as the Shadow has mastered the use of that weapon. The Blade of Darkness can slay those of flesh and those of spirit; it never dulls, never falters, and never breaks. Alternatively, the darkness can be summoned to augment a mundane weapon.]

Sunny smiled.

'So she fixed her sword herself, in the end...'

The Blade of Darkness was a truly powerful Ability, indeed. Since Saint was a Battle Master and a Weapon Sage, she could wield any weapon with superb proficiency... which meant that the true darkness she was a vessel of could take any form.

The dark weapon would be as strong as Saint was herself, growing stronger if Saint evolved again in the future. It was capable of killing both corporeal and incorporeal creatures. It could even be used to augment an existing weapon or a weapon-type Memory, both making it more powerful and adding an elemental property to its attacks.

All of it was simply amazing.

And when Sunny gathered enough Memories...

He flinched when something thundered, sending a strong shockwave through the ground. Looking past the runes, Sunny saw a massive shape emerging from the Gate.

The Guardian had arrived.

Somewhere beyond the wall, Sky Tide was still fighting the Devouring Cloud. The wall had been breached, and he had no idea if the other Irregulars still lived. Master Jet was nowhere to be seen, and probably...

'No, don't think about it! She won't be so easily killed, anyway.'

...And lastly, Saint was standing her ground against a whole swarm of dreadful Nightmare Creatures, surrounded by nothing but enemies and carnage. Even as powerful as she had become, the force arrayed against her was still dire and overwhelming.

Sunny let out a tortured sigh.

"Ah, no rest for the wicked..."

Struggling against pain and sickening weakness, he staggered to his feet and grabbed Nightmare, terrified that he might fall again. Then, Sunny gazed at the Gate and the tide of Nightmare Creatures flowing out of it. A strange countenance appeared on his face.

'I might die... but I do require more Memories, so... I guess my greed is much greater than my fear?'

With that, he groaned and hoisted himself on atop of his black steed.

It was time to join the fight...

Erdiul's Note: I decided to manually add this note from the author because of how special it seemed to him, don't know if this event is only for priviliege buyers, but fuck it, check out his discord during the date, maybe you get lucky.

Author's Note: Today, I published the 1000th chapter of Shadow Slave. It has been a long journey, and I am delighted to know that so many people enjoyed making it with me. The joy and pride I feel when looking at that beautiful number... can only be compared to the dread I feel knowing that there is a couple thousand more chapters I still have to write ;D

In honor of this milestone, the Shadow Slave community will be having a small celebration on July 10th. If you wish join us, visit the Guilty Guild - our Discord server :]

Hope you're having a fantastic day

Cheers!





Chapter 1001: The Fall of Falcon Scott (19)




		 Sunny realized that he would not be able to do a lot in this fight... but then again, he did not have to. Right now, his role was to support Saint and let his Shadows do all the heavy lifting.

Maybe that was how he was supposed to fight every battle, really... but sadly, fate rarely gave him such opportunities.

In any case, there was one thing that he could do. Dismissing the Sin of Solace and the Dying Wish to get back a bit of essence, he summoned the Shadow Lantern instead. As soon as it manifested, Sunny tossed the Lantern in the direction where the towering Gate Guardian - a monstrous arachnid wielding six weapons carved of bone - advanced on Saint.

He did not have enough essence to sustain the divine Memory's enchantment for long, but he did have enough to open its gate, unleashing a swarm of shadows onto the battlefield. The darkness enveloping it grew even deeper than it had been before.

In the next moment, Sunny and Nightmare slammed into the crowd of the abominations.

'Crap!'

The rest of the battle... was a hazy mayhem of violence.

Sunny struggled to remain atop his black steed, lamenting that there had not been enough time to saddle it. At some point, he simply slid to the ground, using Nightmare's body to shield himself from the enemies. Not trusting himself to wield a weapon that demanded strength in his weakened state, Sunny summoned the Moonlight Shard instead.

A beautiful chalice of white jade appeared in his other hand. Submerging the narrow blade of the ghostly stiletto into the black liquid, he used it to strike at the cracks in the enemy armor and finish off those abominations that Nightmare had wounded with his fangs, horns, and steel hooves.

At some point, other soldiers and Awakened joined the fight. More Nightmare Creatures emerged from the Gate, and more humans threw themselves into the meat grinder to stop the enemy from reaching the streets of the city. Their resistance was desperate and haphazard, but for now, at least, they held the tide of abominations back.

Beyond the wall, obscured by the hideous rift of the Nightmare Gate, the sky was painted white by lightning.

Sunny knew that they were going to win when the Spell whispered into his ear, its voice drowning out the sounds of the battle:

[You have slain a Corrupted Devil, Silkway Archon.]

[Your shadow grows stronger.]

Staggering back, he let out a relieved sigh and glanced in the direction where Saint had been fighting the Gate Guardian.

The creature lay sprawled on the ground, its limbs severed and its massive body cleaved apart. His Shadow was standing above it, her black blade already seeking another target.

Saint's armor was battered, and there were thin streams of fine ruby dust flowing from the breaches. However, wreathed in darkness, her body seemed to be healing already. Without ever slowing down, she shook the dark blood off her sword and dashed forward to face a new enemy.

...With the Gate Guardian slain, the scales of battle slowly started to tip in favor of humans. Sunny was not of much use, but with Saint and Nightmare rampaging amidst the abominations, dealing with them was not an insurmountable task.

And then, almost abruptly... the battle was over.

Sunny leaned tiredly on a piece of rubble, observing the scene of utter slaughter. His armor was bloodied, but his body was nearly devoid of wounds - most had been healed by the Dying Wish, and the rest were repaired by the [Living Stone].

Having a magical shell reinforcing his skin was very handy.

He still felt terrible, though...

Around him, Awakened and mundane soldiers were busy building improvised barricades around the Gate. The first wave of abominations might have been destroyed, but more could emerge from the rift at any moment. A few of them suddenly froze, staring at a menacing black figure that had emerged from the darkness into the dim light.

Saint's eyes burned with demonic crimson light, and her onyx armor was glistening, awash in the blood of the arachnid warriors. She looked both graceful and terrifying.

One of the soldiers raised his rifle with trembling hands, but the other suddenly shouted, his eyes wide:

"Mongrel! It's Lord Mongrel!"

A hum of voices soon rose above the barricade:

"Mongrel is in Falcon Scott!"

"He killed the Gate Guardian! It was him!"

"It's clearly a she, you idiot... thank you, Lady Mongrel!"

"We're saved!"

Ignoring them, Saint passed between the invigorated soldiers indifferently, the Broken Oath long dismissed. She approached Sunny and froze, looming above him like a beautiful monument of darkness. Her ruby eyes stared at him intently.

Unaccustomed to craning his neck to look at Saint, Sunny awkwardly cleared his throat.

"Uh... great job out there. You really saved my skin."

She lingered for a few moments, slowly raised her hand...

And poked him in the cheek with a finger.

Then, Saint tilted her head slightly, as if studying him. Her ruby eyes betrayed a hint of some unknown emotion, making Sunny blink.

'What is happening?'

Without saying anything... of course... the taciturn Shadow then took a step back and turned away, looking at the Gate.

However, she seemed strangely pleased.

Sunny blinked a few more times, then rubbed his cheek.

'Huh... alright?'

Was it because of the Marble Shell?

He shook his head, knowing that there was no time to waste pondering the weird occurrence. Maybe he imagined the whole thing...

"Anyway, I have to go. Stay here in case more Nightmare Creatures emerge, and don't let any of them escape into the city. I'll... leave Nightmare with you."

Sunny had to find out if the battle against the Devouring Cloud was over... whether there were more Gates that had opened within the city... how his men were doing...

Most importantly, he had to find Master Jet.

Leaving the gloomy shadow with Saint, he wrapped the other three around his body, grimaced, and started walking. Despite the fact that there were no physical wounds on his body, Sunny still felt hurt. Every step was a struggle.

But what else was new?

Whispering quiet curses, he summoned the Cruel Sight to use as a walking stick and headed deeper into the staging area.





Chapter 1002: The Fall of Falcon Scott (20)




		 Sunny did not have to wander the stretch of the staging area that had been ruined by the destruction of the wall for long. It was a mess, with broken prefab buildings laying shattered and broken, buried under piles of alloy debris. Finding anyone here would have been a challenge.

Before he allowed himself to drown in dark thoughts, however, a familiar black beard appeared from above and landed on a bent steel beam protruding from the ground nearby.

The Crow waved its wings, clearly agitated, and cawed:

"Jet! Jet!"

Sunny let out a shaky breath, feeling a lot of relief. If the Echo was still here, Soul Reaper couldn't be dead. He took a step toward the bird and asked:

"Where is she?"

Instead of answering, the Crow flew away, landed on a communication relay a dozen meters away, and looked back expectantly.

In this way, the Echo led Sunny to Master Jet.

After finding her, Sunny remained silent for a few moments.

Then, he coughed.

"Well, uh... that was not what I expected to see."

Jet was hanging upside down, her body caught in the jagged mess of torn alloy beams. One of them was piercing her abdomen like a hook, and her arm was caught between two others. Despite the ghastly situation, there was a calm and slightly annoyed expression on Soul Reaper's face.

"Yeah, well. Care to help me get down? I can do it myself, of course, but... I would prefer for my insides to remain on the inside for a little bit longer."

She could probably free herself. Simple alloy would not have held back a Master for long... but with how thoroughly trapped Jet was, ripping herself off the hook would have probably exacerbated her wounds by a lot. Not everyone had the lineage of a tenacious daemon to help them recover and skin as hard as enchanted marble.

Sunny studied the tangled mess of alloy beams, then floated up with the help of the Dark Wing and carefully pulled Master Jet off the jagged hook. With a quiet hiss, she slid off the bloodied alloy and fell down, landing softly on her feet.

"Argh, damn it..."

Jet clutched her abdomen with a grimace, and then slowly straightened. Sunny landed nearby and looked at her with concern.

"That... are you going to be alright?"

Instead of answering, Soul Reaper spat a mouthful of blood, then looked at him with a dark smile. Her teeth were all painted red, so the smile was not very reassuring.

"Don't worry about it. I am a very sturdy girl... woman. Whatever. The point is, it will be as good as new in a couple of days, even without a healer."

Sunny scratched the back of his head, then hesitated for a few moments. Eventually, he said:

"...I was afraid that you died."

Master Jet laughed, then winced and clutched her wound tighter.

"Died? That's... the last thing you should be afraid of. Believe me, Sunny, I won't die on this godforsaken continent. It's impossible."

He shook his head at her bravado, then sighed.

"Alright. Do you want me to tell you how the battle went?"

Soul Reaper waved her hand.

"Crow saw it. Good job handling the Gate... I am a bit embarrassed that I wasn't there to help. There are several others that opened either near or within the city. All of them were contained, it's just this particular one that was an unpleasant surprise. The Devouring Cloud also seems to have retreated, for now."

She frowned.

"You observed it too, right?"

Sunny nodded with a dark expression.

"A new tyrant must have risen from within the swarm. The damned leeches were acting too purposefully."

Master Jet used his shoulder for support and pulled him forward. They slowly walked through the ruins of the staging area, looking like two cripples.

"Yeah... that is why the Devouring Cloud pulled away before being destroyed. It will probably be back later."

Sunny closed his eyes for a moment.

'Gods... there are so many priority targets converging on the city. I hoped that we would destroy at least one today.'

He glanced at Jet, his eyes tired.

"So what do we do now?"

She simply shrugged.

"Go find our people. Rest, recover. Prepare to repeat the whole thing tomorrow."

Indeed. What else was there to do?

Life was a constant struggle.

Since the wall was broken now, they had to find an elevator that would take them to the proper side of the breach. Even worse, the pulse of the Gate had destroyed a lot of fine machinery, so finding a working platform was not easy.

Eventually, however, they made it to the top of the defensive barrier and returned to the position of the Irregulars.

The first one they saw was Winter, who sat tiredly on the alloy surface of the battlement, her eyes hidden once again behind the sunglasses. A thin crack ran through one of the lenses. Hearing their steps, she turned her head slightly.

A pale smile appeared on her face.

"The heroes return. You two... look like crap."

Master Jet scoffed, which caused her to wince once again. "Thanks for the compliment."

Sunny helped her sit down, then looked around, searching for his cohort. Noticing the towering figure of Dorn a dozen or so meters away, he breathed out heavily with relief and asked, his voice almost devoid of tension:

"So, how did it go? Do we have any casualties?"

Winter did not respond, prompting him to look down.

Her face was uncharacteristically somber.

Sunny felt something cold brush against his heart.

"What?"

The Ascended Archer sighed, then looked down.

"About that... I'm sorry, Sunny. Things were a bit chaotic back there."

He remained motionless for a while, then turned away and silently headed toward where he had seen Dorn. As Sunny approached, he mentally counted:

'Dorn, Belle... Luster, Kim... Samara...'

When he reached the cohort, they turned to him, their faces pale and grim. Kim's eyes were glistening, and she avoided looking directly at him.

Luster was the first one to speak, his tone subdued.

"Captain! We... we..."

Sunny cut him off.

"Show me."

They stepped aside, revealing the figure of Quentin, who was laying on the cold alloy with his eyes closed. Sunny discovered himself taking a few steps forward and kneeling beside the gallant healer.

His face was calm, and his body seemed untouched except for a shallow wound on the side of his head.

His chest was rising and falling, which meant that Quentin was still alive.

He had not been killed... he had just lost consciousness. However, it did not matter.

Sunny closed his eyes.

...Quentin had lost consciousness near an active Gate, which meant that his soul was stolen away by the Call.

He had been thrown into an unexplored, dire region of the Dream Realm, surrounded by numerous Nightmare Creatures and abominations so vile that words could not describe them. His only chance of survival was to fight his way to a Seed, challenge it, and conquer the Second Nightmare alone.

For all intents and purposes, Quentin was already dead.

A few hours later, Sunny discovered himself alone in the Rhino. The area surrounding the military barracks was quiet, and the interior of the APC was dark. He sat on his bed, unmoving, his eyes like two pools of darkness.

He was cold.

'It is what it is.'

War was like that. People died all the time... Sunny had sent many to their deaths himself. He was not new to losing soldiers.

And yet...

He was weak, his body and soul were both in pain because of the brush with the Nightmare Gate, but somehow, his heart hurt much worse.

There was a lot for him to do. Feeding Saint, continuing his attempts to weave a Memory from the devil's needle.

However, Sunny felt unwilling to move. Or maybe incapable.

He just sat silently and stared into the darkness.

After some time, his communicator lit up. He gazed at it, then slowly brought the screen to his face.

There was a new message from Rain.

"Rain: Hey, Sunny! It is really hard to imagine that it is winter in Antarctica, and that the night there lasts for many months. And that aurora thing you described... I gazed it up on the network, and wow! It's so pretty! There's nothing like that in NQSC. Well, you know, we can hardly even see stars here, because of the light pollution and the air being full of dust. However, the weather is warm and the nights are short, so I won't complain. You stay warm, too! Nothing really interesting happened to me. Did anything interesting happen to you? How are you doing? I hope everything is alright."

Sunny remained motionless for a while, staring at the screen. Then, he closed his eye for a moment, took a deep breath, and started writing a response.

"Sunny: Hey, Rain. Lots of interesting things happened to me, of course. I am one of the most interesting people in two whole worlds, after all. Didn't you know? I am doing great, too! I mean, all things considered. Since I am such a dashing and heroic figure, people go around giving me sandwiches, medals, and the like. So..."

Sunny paused for a few seconds, then briefly wiped his eyes and continued.

"...life is pretty sweet!"





Chapter 1003: The Fall of Falcon Scott (21)




		 "Hold, you wretches!"

A mass of Nightmare Creatures was advancing through a city street, mere meters away from slamming into a makeshift barricade formed by the hulking frames of firing MWPs. The surface of the road was broken and melted, and the ruins of the surrounding buildings were enveloped in flames.

Leaping off a slowly collapsing roof, Sunny plummeted down and landed between the abominations. The emerald blade of the Sin of Solace moved, sending fountains of blood into the air. He dashed sideways, dodging a stream of bullets, and groaned.

It was already the second week of the siege, but the damage done to his body and soul by the Nightmare Gate was slow to heal. Sunny shrugged off the pain and called upon the shadows, erecting a black wall of them to block off the street.

"Flamethrowers!"

The pilots of the MWPs did not stop firing their mass drivers, but long streams of orange-red fire shot from their wrists over the wall. Sunny danced between the flames, circulating his energy to activate the Underworld Armament. The effect of the Memory of Fire was enhanced, elevating his elemental resistance even higher.

The Nightmare Creatures were not that lucky.

While he dealt with the head of the swarm, Belle and Dorn attacked its tail from the flanks. A sharp sword and a heavy sledgehammer made short work of the frenzied abominations, and at the same time, charged tungsten rounds flashed from a nearby dormitory tower, slaying the most dangerous targets without fail.

Caught between the hammer and the anvil, the swarm swiftly melted. The last one to die was a hideous creature with hardy scales covering its reptilian body. Sunny simply struck the abomination with the edge of his palm, turning it as heavy as a boulder and as hard as stone. The reptile's skull shattered, disintegrating into a disgusting rain of blood and bone.

Even before the heavy body touched the ground, the Spell was already whispering:

[You have slain an Awakened Monster, Scaled Prowler.)

[You have received a Memory.)

His eyes glinted.

'Another Memory!'

Wiping his hand with a revolted expression, Sunny looked around. Luster and Kim appeared on a nearby roof, signaling that none of the creatures escaped. He let out a sigh of relief.

...The situation was under control.

After the ill-fated battle with the Devouring Cloud, the pressure on the defenders of Falcon Scott had steadily increased. The fact that there was a giant breach in the wall did not help things one bit. Eventually, the defensive barrier had been broken through in two more places, forcing the First Army to evacuate civilians deeper into the city and create a secondary ring of defense on the empty streets.

The topography of the siege was not simple anymore. Humans still held the wall, deflecting most of the Nightmare Creatures from its height - but now, various sections of the great barrier were separated, almost turning into independent fortresses. A detachment of soldiers was tasked with defending the breaches from the ground.

They mostly managed to prevent the Nightmare Creatures from breaking through the barricades into the city, even if the rate of casualties among the ground crews was much higher. However, some monstrosities still reached the streets from time to time.

Sunny had just dealt with one of these invading swarms.

'That's the fourth one today... not a good sign.'

He bent in a painful hacking fit, feeling a sickening weakness permeate his body once again. After a while, the coughing subsided, and Sunny remained motionless for a few moments, breathed hoarsely and waiting for the weakness to subside.

Soon, it was gone, and all that remained was a gnawing pain in his chest.

"Damnation..."

He straightened and glanced at his people, who were making their way through the burning carnage of the destroyed city street. Once they reached him - everyone except Samara, who was still in her sniper nest on top of the empty dormitory tower - Sunny glanced at Kim and asked:

"Any updates from Soul Reaper?"

She nodded.

'Yes, sir. Master Dale pushed the enemy back, reclaiming control over Breach C. We are ordered to stand down and rest. Our next shift starts in sixteen hours."

Sunny tiredly rubbed his face.

"Sixteen hours, huh? Either Army Command is feeling generous, or they expect real trouble tomorrow. Well... all the more reason to make sure that we're fresh and full of essence. Signal Sam to come down and retreat to the barracks."

He studied his soldiers for a moment, making sure that none of them was wounded. Without... without a healer in the cohort, recovering between battles had become somewhat tricky, it demanded outside help, at least.

Fortunately, the members of the cohort were unscathed. He nodded, letting them go, and turned around.

The MWPs stood motionless, the incandescent barrels of their guns glowing in the gloom. The coolant liquid was dripping down, evaporation into clouds of haze. Some pilots had opened the cockpits, sitting on the doors of the hatches with tired expressions on their faces. They would retreat inside soon, chased back into the overheated war machines by smoke and the smell of charred corpses.

But, for now at least, the soldiers were enjoying the short moment of respite in the coldness of the neverending night.

Noticing Sunny, one of the pilots raised a hand and made it into a fist. Sunny returned the stalwart salute, and then silently walked away.

A few minutes later, he stumbled, grabbing a wall in a dark and isolated alley. The Divine Sword of Solace whispered, mocking him, but it was not too hard to suppress the hateful voice these days. Sunny rested for a few moments, and then took a step back.

Saint emerged from the shadows, as silent and menacing as ever. Nightmare joined her, moonlight glinting on his adamantine horns.

Sunny sighed and summoned the Overpriced Saddle. Fastening its straps on the black stallion, he glanced at the two Shadows and said:

"You know what to do. I'll return in sixteen hours... be cautious today. Chances are, we'll have to go all out tomorrow."

Saint nodded indifferently, then mounted the dark destrier and outstretched a hand. Sunny placed the hilt of the Divine Sword of Solace into it, at the same time sending two of his phantoms forth. Then, he watched the taciturn knight leave as she headed in the direction of the wall.

These days, the two of them worked in shifts. If the Devil of Antarctica was not defending Falcon Scott, the Guardian Angel of Antarctica did.

Millions of people had already been evacuated from the doomed city, but millions more remained. The siege capital could not be allowed to fall, yet.

Sunny coughed some more, uttered a quiet curse, and walked in the opposite direction of where Saint had left.





Chapter 1004: The Fall of Falcon Scott (22)




		 As he walked through the empty streets, Sunny breathed in the cold winter air and tried to calm his wildly beating heart. He should not have been that fatigued, but he was. The strange ailment tormenting him had become less severe in the last couple of days, however, it was not gone yet.

'All, curse it...'

Sunny grimaced, then noticed a group of soldiers ahead and forced himself to put on the mask of a confident commander. Mundane humans looked up to Masters, and if they saw one walking around with hollow eyes and a troubled expression, their morale would suffer.

He had never thought that being preoccupied with concerns about people's morale would become something he bothered with, yet here he was.

As Sunny walked closer, he heard bits and pieces of their conversation.

"I saw Mongrel fight yesterday. Gods, he truly is a fiend. My whole unit would have been dead if not for him. I wish I could thank the man... but he is definitely not from the First Army. Maybe he's a Legacy from a local Antarctica clan?"

"No, no... haven't you heard the rumors? Mongrel is that Master from the First Irregular Company. The Devil."

"You lost your damn mind, fool. Mongrel is like two meters tall, while Master Sunless is on the shorter side. Believe me, I saw them side by side, the day the wall was first breached. Also, Mongrel is definitely a woman."

"Yeah, I saw it too. She even caressed his cheek... well, uh, more like poked it. Wait... guys, do you think there's something going on between them?"

"You are all idiots. Mongrel is obviously several people..."

Usually, hearing such conversations amused Sunny, but this time he remained detached and indifferent. The soldiers grew silent when he approached, straightened, and then bowed respectfully. He nodded at them in passing and continued on his way, uncaring.

'Alt. But that reminds me...'

Sunny summoned the runes and glanced at the description of Saint:

Shadow Fragments: [185/200].

'So close.'

With the two Memories he received today - one from an Awakened Monster, the other from a Fallen Beast - the counter would increase by two fragments, bringing it to one hundred and eighty-seven. From here, he only needed thirteen more for Saint to Transcend.

He was somewhat pressed for time, but also had a few of his personal Memories that could be sacrificed to accelerate the process. Things were still going according to plan.

'It's the weaving that is the problem... I feel like I am almost there, but the Midnight Shard is still giving me trouble. Too risky.'

Sunny pondered the intricacies of the spellweave, grimacing when the thundering clamor of the distant battle grew especially loud and made it harder to think.

Gradually, the noise became quieter, although it never went away entirely. Sunny passed through the barricades, left the secondary defense ring, and entered the crowded streets of Falcon Scott.

Despite the fact that numerous civilians had to be relocated deeper into the city, the signs of overpopulation were not as dire as one could have expected. The naval convoy had been busy ferrying the refugees across the strait, after all. By now, somewhere around eighty million people had already been transported to the relative - extremely so - safety of Eastern Antarctica.

It almost looked as though Army Command's plan was working.

Seeing actual proof that all his efforts were not in vain made Sunny feel a little better.

Up ahead, a crowd of refugees was waiting in line to receive rations. He studied it for a moment, noticing a familiar figure handing out packs of synthpaste at the front.

Sunny smiled a little, then headed in that direction. As he walked closer, the person growled without looking up:

"You better not be cutting the line, ba..."

Then, Beth looked up and blinked a couple of times.

"Oh, Sunny? What are you doing here?"

He shrugged.

"On my way back from the wall."

She called one of the other volunteers to switch with her, then led him aside, to a humming heat projector. Beth stopped in front of it, shivering and rubbing her hands together.

"How was your day?"

Sunny remained silent for a bit, not knowing how to answer. "Hectic."

The young woman peeked at him and scoffed.

"A man of few words, are you now?"

Sunny dismissed again.

"How is the old man? Did you guys receive placement in the queue yet?"

Beth sighed.

"...No. People say that another ship went down in the strait, so many placements were postponed again. As for Professor, he is doing fine. The Army got him consulting on how to upgrade the communication array, so he has something to do, at least."

She looked at him questioningly.

"Are you coming over today?"

Sunny hesitated, then slowly shook his head.

"No. There's a lot I have to do. Also... my gut tells me that tomorrow will be a tough day. Your dormitory is away from the wall, but still. Be careful. Well, you know the drill."

The young woman turned back to the heat projector.

"Yeah, yeah..."

Then, she suddenly opened the bag hanging over her shoulder, scrounged in it, and took out a tube of toothpaste.

"Here. You forgot this last time."

Sunny blinked a couple of times.

"I did not forget it. I left it for you, because I know that the supply chain is in shambles."

Beth tilted her head and looked at him fiercely.

"You think I can't get us some toothpaste?!"

Sunny laughed.

"I mean... if you are so principled, then why are you not returning two cans of coffee I left in your dormitory, as well?"

The young woman looked down, her cheeks turning slightly red.

"That... what cans of coffee? I haven't seen anything of the sort!"

Sunny nodded a couple of times and gently pushed the toothpaste away.

"Okay, okay. Anyway, I'll try to drop by soon. If you do find that coffee, please enjoy it."

He farewelled Beth an awkward farewell and strolled away, feeling slightly refreshed.

Here in the city proper, public transportation was still functioning. There were military vehicles rolling down the streets, as well. It did not take him long to reach the barracks.

Entering the Rhino, Sunny gazed around, his gaze pausing on one of the closed sleeping pods. Then, he strolled to the back of the APC, hauled the devil's needle from its place on the floor of the armory, and sighed.

'Fifteen hours left... but I probably should sleep for at least a couple...'

Shaking his head, he got to work.